How would I fix this issue?
Well, if I didn't have the information already,
I'd ask the assessor for
detailed information as to where the vulnerability might be found.
I would also, if I didn't already know what cross-site scripting was or how to fix it,
lookup the vulnerability to find as much details as
necessary for me to clearly explain why it's important to fix,
where to find the issue, and how to fix it.
I then ask associated stakeholders if 15 days is enough time to fix
the issue as recommended by the assessor or if it's technically feasible.
If for any reason the recommended remediation cannot be applied within 15 days,
I would ask the stakeholders to provide details on either a,
winner remediation might be applied or b,
a proposed mitigating control.
Once agreed, I'd work with the stakeholders to develop
milestones and schedule check-in meetings to ensure everything stays on track.